Feedback on documentation (#101)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-nps: README.md

### How it works - overview

> The plugin sends a survey after 45 days when a new (as in never seen before - including downgrade) version of Mattermost is detected. It also sends a message to user 7 days after their registration to get early feedback, and allow users to give feedback at any time they desire.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin sends a survey after 45 days when a new (as in never seen before - including downgrade) version of Mattermost is detected. It also sends a message to users 7 days after their registration to get early feedback, and allows users to give feedback at any time they desire.
```

> Survey and feedbacks are sent to rudder as `Track` events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Surveys and feedback are sent to rudder as `Track` events.
```
